that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
with color and depth , and rather a good time
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com ''
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
is never any question of how things will turn out
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
like max rothman 's future , does not work .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
that the only rip off that we were aware of
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
many of the things that made the first one charming
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
